Crocodiles

The book is dedicated to keeping such rare animals as crocodiles at home. The ecology of the majority of wild crocodile species is considered in detail, their current status and data on the state of the population are indicated. The basic principles of arranging a terrarium for crocodiles, methods of caring for these animals, feeding rules, and methods of treating the most common diseases are described. The book is intended for a wide range of readers.

Introduction

Times change, habits change, people's views on life change. Even 15-20 years ago, it was hard to imagine that pet stores would offer customers exotic animals of all colors and colors. Exotic animals and birds-this is generally a special conversation, but reptiles amaze with their diversity. Slow-moving chameleons that freeze on the branches after each step, emerald iguanas, colorful geckos, turtles from yellow to purple... and, of course, crocodiles. Now it's hard to surprise anyone with this toothy reptile, familiar to everyone from childhood from books and movies. They often decorate the premises of shops (and not only zoological), offices, being a kind of interior item. And there is nothing to say about home lovers of keeping exotic "lizards". According to unofficial data, up to 5,000 crocodiles are sold annually at the Moscow Bird Market alone. But there are other markets and shops, and there is a global Internet network, where you can find anything you want.

Often crocodiles are given as a "living toy" by wealthy people to their equally wealthy friends. The fate of such "gifts", as a rule, is deplorable. After a month or two, and then a note appears in the press that "a young crocodile was caught in the Moscow River", or "a 1.5-meter crocodile caught in the city dump was safely delivered to the zoo". And this is not the worst fate awaiting an exotic reptile. For the most part, it quietly and painfully fades away at home somewhere in a cold terrarium, or even just in the corner of the bathroom.

After all, fashion is changeable, everyone can now buy a crocodile, but properly caring for it is not an occupation for everyone. Yes, and with the literature is poor, it is good if they give crocodiles a couple of lines in the reference book on aquariums (because there are also water species) or allocate a small section in the book about exotic animals. But the proper placement of a pet, providing it with food, preventing diseases – a whole science, and in European countries write on this topic whole works, however, concerning mainly the maintenance of reptiles in zoos. But even at home, if a crocodile accidentally or intentionally fell into your hands, this animal can be provided with quite tolerable living conditions. And he will live with you under the same roof for many years, without causing any serious trouble.

Before you get any animal at home (including a crocodile), think carefully about whether you are ready for the fact that this creature will share an apartment with you for many years. And with good care, the life of crocodiles is long. Calculate whether you can provide him with a balanced diet, change the terrarium every 2-3 years (as your pet grows), and finally think about how your household will react to this. If you still decided on this selfless act, read the necessary literature, talk to veterinarians. Remember that by the time of sale, most crocodiles need veterinary care and serious rehabilitation, and the lack of knowledge and experience in the first days can further aggravate the situation. And only after all the required activities (we will talk about them in more detail in the corresponding section of the book), go to the market or to the pet store.

Who are crocodiles and why does a person show such interest in them?

THE END